
PayPay
Data Engineer, Credit Modeling
Remote OK - Anywhere in Japan
Full-time
August 23, 2024
Conditions
Apply from Anywhere 👍
Relocation to Japan 👍
(Overseas visa sponsorship supported)
Requirements
Language Requirements
Japanese: Not Required 👍
English: Business Level
Minimum Experience
Mid-level or above
PayPay is looking for a Data Engineer for the Credit Modeling team to conceptualize, design and implement improvements to ETL processes and data through independent communication with data-savvy stakeholders.

 

Responsibilities

Design, build, and maintain distributed batch and real-time data pipelines and data models.
Facilitate real-life actionable use cases leveraging our data with a user- and product-oriented mindset.
Be curious and eager to work across a variety of engineering specialties (i.e., Data Science, and Machine Learning to name a few).
Support teams without data engineers with building decentralized data solutions and product integrations, for example around DynamoDB.
Enforce privacy and security standards by design.
 

Qualifications

+3  years experience building complex data pipelines and working with both technical and business stakeholders.
Experience in at least one primary language (e.g., Java, Scala, Python) and SQL (any variant). 
Experience with technologies like BigQuery, Spark, AWS Redshift, Kafka, or Kinesis streaming.
Experience creating and maintaining ETL processes.
Experience designing, building, and operating a DataLake or Data Warehouse.
Experience with DBMS and SQL tuning.
Strong fundamentals in big data and machine learning.
 

Preferred Qualifications

Experience with RESTful APIs, Pub/Sub Systems, or Database Clients.
Experience with analytics and defining metrics.
Experience with measuring data quality.
Experience productionalizing a machine learning workflow; MLOps
Experience in one or more machine learning frameworks, including but not limited to scikit-learn, Tensorflow, PyTorch and H2O.
Language ability in Japanese and English is a plus (We have a professional translator but it is nice to have language skills).
Experience with AWS services.
Experience with microservices.
Knowledge of Data Security and Privacy.
Bilingual Japanese-English
